examples/advanced/book/Deep-Learning-101/README.md, before:

# Deep Learning 101

**Author:** Vu Hung Nguyen  
**License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)

## Overview

This book provides a comprehensive introduction to deep learning, covering fundamental mathematics, practical techniques, and advanced research topics.

## Book Structure

The book is organized into three main parts:

### Part I: Basic Math and Machine Learning Foundation
- Chapter 1: Introduction
- Chapter 2: Linear Algebra
- Chapter 3: Probability and Information Theory
- Chapter 4: Numerical Computation
- Chapter 5: Classical Machine Learning Algorithms

### Part II: Practical Deep Networks
- Chapter 6: Deep Feedforward Networks
- Chapter 7: Regularization for Deep Learning
- Chapter 8: Optimization for Training Deep Models
- Chapter 9: Convolutional Networks
- Chapter 10: Sequence Modeling: Recurrent and Recursive Nets
- Chapter 11: Practical Methodology
- Chapter 12: Applications

### Part III: Deep Learning Research
- Chapter 13: Linear Factor Models
- Chapter 14: Autoencoders
- Chapter 15: Representation Learning
- Chapter 16: Structured Probabilistic Models for Deep Learning
- Chapter 17: Monte Carlo Methods
- Chapter 18: Confronting the Partition Function
- Chapter 19: Approximate Inference
- Chapter 20: Deep Generative Models

## Building the Book

To compile the book to PDF:

```bash
make pdf
```

To clean build artifacts:

```bash
make clean
```

### Requirements

- LaTeX distribution (TeX Live, MiKTeX, or similar)
- pdflatex
- biber (for bibliography)

## Current Status

**Completed:**
- ✅ Full table of contents structure
- ✅ Chapter 1: Introduction (complete with 5 sections)
- ✅ Chapter 2: Linear Algebra (complete with 6 sections)
- ✅ Chapter 3: Probability and Information Theory (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 4: Numerical Computation (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 5: Classical Machine Learning Algorithms (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 6: Deep Feedforward Networks (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 7: Regularization for Deep Learning (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 8: Optimization for Training Deep Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 9: Convolutional Networks (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 10: Sequence Modeling (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 11: Practical Methodology (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 12: Applications (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 13: Linear Factor Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 14: Autoencoders (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 15: Representation Learning (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 16: Structured Probabilistic Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 17: Monte Carlo Methods (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 18: Confronting the Partition Function (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 19: Approximate Inference (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 20: Deep Generative Models (complete)
- ✅ Front matter (Acknowledgements, Notation)
- ✅ Book infrastructure (main.tex, Makefile, bibliography)
- ✅ Extended bibliography with modern references

**Book Statistics:**
- 📖 186 pages
- 📝 20 chapters covering fundamentals to advanced topics
- 🎓 Comprehensive coverage from basics to research frontiers

## File Structure

```
Deep-Learning-101/
├── main.tex                    # Main book file
├── Makefile                    # Build automation
├── references.bib              # Bibliography (expanded with modern references)
├── README.md                   # This file
├── SUMMARY.txt                 # Book summary
├── SUMMARY.txt                 # Book summary
├── .gitignore                  # Build artifact exclusion
└── chapters/                   # Chapter files
    ├── acknowledgements.tex    # Acknowledgements
    ├── notation.tex            # Notation guide
    ├── chap01.tex             # Chapter 1 (includes sections)
    ├── chap01-sec01.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 1
    ├── chap01-sec02.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 2
    ├── chap01-sec03.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 3
    ├── chap01-sec04.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 4
    ├── chap01-sec05.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 5
    ├── chap02.tex             # Chapter 2 (includes sections)
    ├── chap02-sec01.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 1
    ├── chap02-sec02.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 2
    ├── chap02-sec03.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 3
    ├── chap02-sec04.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 4
    ├── chap02-sec05.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 5
    ├── chap02-sec06.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 6
    ├── chap03.tex             # Chapter 3 (includes sections)
    ├── chap03-sec01.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 1: Probability Distributions
    ├── chap03-sec02.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 2: Conditional Probability and Bayes' Rule
    ├── chap03-sec03.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 3: Expectation, Variance, and Covariance
    ├── chap03-sec04.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 4: Common Probability Distributions
    ├── chap03-sec05.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 5: Information Theory Basics
    ├── chap04.tex             # Chapter 4 (includes sections)
    ├── chap04-sec01.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 1: Overflow and Underflow
    ├── chap04-sec02.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 2: Gradient-Based Optimization
    ├── chap04-sec03.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 3: Constrained Optimization
    ├── chap04-sec04.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 4: Numerical Stability and Conditioning
    ├── chap05.tex             # Chapter 5 (includes sections)
    ├── chap05-sec01.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 1: Linear Regression
    ├── chap05-sec02.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 2: Logistic Regression
    ├── chap05-sec03.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 3: Support Vector Machines
    ├── chap05-sec04.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 4: Decision Trees and Ensemble Methods
    ├── chap05-sec05.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 5: k-Nearest Neighbors
    ├── chap05-sec06.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 6: Comparison with Deep Learning
    ├── chap06.tex             # Chapter 6 (includes sections)
    ├── chap06-sec01.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 1: Introduction to Feedforward Networks
    ├── chap06-sec02.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 2: Activation Functions
    ├── chap06-sec03.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 3: Output Units and Loss Functions
    ├── chap06-sec04.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 4: Backpropagation
    ├── chap06-sec05.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 5: Design Choices
    ├── chap07.tex             # Chapter 7 (includes sections)
    ├── chap07-sec01.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 1: Parameter Norm Penalties
    ├── chap07-sec02.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 2: Dataset Augmentation
    ├── chap07-sec03.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 3: Early Stopping
    ├── chap07-sec04.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 4: Dropout
    ├── chap07-sec05.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 5: Batch Normalization
    ├── chap07-sec06.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 6: Other Regularization Techniques
    ├── chap08.tex             # Chapter 8 (includes sections)
    ├── chap08-sec01.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 1: Gradient Descent Variants
    ├── chap08-sec02.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 2: Momentum-Based Methods
    ├── chap08-sec03.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 3: Adaptive Learning Rate Methods
    ├── chap08-sec04.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 4: Second-Order Methods
    ├── chap08-sec05.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 5: Optimization Challenges
    ├── chap09.tex             # Chapter 9 (includes sections)
    ├── chap09-sec01.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 1: The Convolution Operation
    ├── chap09-sec02.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 2: Pooling
    ├── chap09-sec03.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 3: CNN Architectures
    ├── chap09-sec04.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 4: Applications of CNNs
    ├── chap10.tex             # Chapter 10 (includes sections)
    ├── chap10-sec01.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 1: Recurrent Neural Networks
    ├── chap10-sec02.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 2: Backpropagation Through Time
    ├── chap10-sec03.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 3: Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
    ├── chap10-sec04.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 4: Gated Recurrent Units (GRU)
    ├── chap10-sec05.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 5: Sequence-to-Sequence Models
    ├── chap10-sec06.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 6: Advanced Topics
    ├── chap11.tex             # Chapter 11 (includes sections)
    ├── chap11-sec01.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 1: Performance Metrics
    ├── chap11-sec02.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 2: Baseline Models and Debugging
    ├── chap11-sec03.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 3: Hyperparameter Tuning
    ├── chap11-sec04.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 4: Data Preparation and Preprocessing
    ├── chap11-sec05.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 5: Production Considerations
    ├── chap12.tex             # Chapter 12 (includes sections)
    ├── chap12-sec01.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 1: Computer Vision Applications
    ├── chap12-sec02.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 2: Natural Language Processing
    ├── chap12-sec03.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 3: Speech Recognition and Synthesis
    ├── chap12-sec04.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 4: Healthcare and Medical Imaging
    ├── chap12-sec05.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 5: Reinforcement Learning Applications
    ├── chap12-sec06.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 6: Other Applications
    ├── chap12-sec07.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 7: Ethical Considerations
    ├── chap13.tex             # Chapter 13 (includes sections)
    ├── chap13-sec01.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 1: Probabilistic PCA
    ├── chap13-sec02.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 2: Factor Analysis
    ├── chap13-sec03.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 3: Independent Component Analysis
    ├── chap13-sec04.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 4: Sparse Coding
    ├── chap14.tex             # Chapter 14 (includes sections)
    ├── chap14-sec01.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 1: Undercomplete Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec02.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 2: Regularized Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec03.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 3: Variational Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec04.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 4: Applications of Autoencoders
    ├── chap15.tex             # Chapter 15 (includes sections)
    ├── chap15-sec01.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 1: What Makes a Good Representation?
    ├── chap15-sec02.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 2: Transfer Learning and Domain Adaptation
    ├── chap15-sec03.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 3: Self-Supervised Learning
    ├── chap15-sec04.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 4: Contrastive Learning
    ├── chap16.tex             # Chapter 16 (includes sections)
    ├── chap16-sec01.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 1: Graphical Models
    ├── chap16-sec02.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 2: Inference in Graphical Models
    ├── chap16-sec03.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 3: Deep Learning and Structured Models
    ├── chap17.tex             # Chapter 17 (includes sections)
    ├── chap17-sec01.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 1: Sampling and Monte Carlo Estimators
    ├── chap17-sec02.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 2: Markov Chain Monte Carlo
    ├── chap17-sec03.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 3: Importance Sampling
    ├── chap17-sec04.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 4: Applications in Deep Learning
    ├── chap18.tex             # Chapter 18 (includes sections)
    ├── chap18-sec01.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 1: The Partition Function Problem
    ├── chap18-sec02.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 2: Contrastive Divergence
    ├── chap18-sec03.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 3: Noise-Contrastive Estimation
    ├── chap18-sec04.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 4: Score Matching
    ├── chap19.tex             # Chapter 19 (includes sections)
    ├── chap19-sec01.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 1: Variational Inference
    ├── chap19-sec02.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 2: Mean Field Approximation
    ├── chap19-sec03.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 3: Loopy Belief Propagation
    ├── chap19-sec04.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 4: Expectation Propagation
    ├── chap20.tex             # Chapter 20 (includes sections)
    ├── chap20-sec01.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 1: Variational Autoencoders (VAEs)
    ├── chap20-sec02.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 2: Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
    ├── chap20-sec03.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 3: Normalizing Flows
    ├── chap20-sec04.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 4: Diffusion Models
    └── chap20-sec05.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 5: Applications and Future Directions
```
```

## License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.  
To view a copy of this license, visit: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

## Acknowledgements

This book draws inspiration from:
- "Deep Learning" by Goodfellow, Bengio, and Courville
- "Understanding Deep Learning" by Simon J.D. Prince
- The broader deep learning research community

## Contributing

Contributions, corrections, and suggestions are welcome. Please ensure any contributions align with the educational goals and style of the book.

Commit message:

Add glossary, index, and contribution guidelines
Introduces a glossary system and comprehensive subject index to the book, including LaTeX setup in main.tex and build steps in the Makefile. Adds a CONTRIBUTING.md with detailed guidelines for difficulty levels, content, and AI assistant instructions. Updates chapter content to use glossary and index entries, and documents these features in the README.

examples/advanced/book/Deep-Learning-101/README.md, after:

# Deep Learning 101

**Author:** Vu Hung Nguyen  
**License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)

## Overview

This book provides a comprehensive introduction to deep learning, covering fundamental mathematics, practical techniques, and advanced research topics.

## Book Structure

The book is organized into three main parts:

### Part I: Basic Math and Machine Learning Foundation
- Chapter 1: Introduction
- Chapter 2: Linear Algebra
- Chapter 3: Probability and Information Theory
- Chapter 4: Numerical Computation
- Chapter 5: Classical Machine Learning Algorithms

### Part II: Practical Deep Networks
- Chapter 6: Deep Feedforward Networks
- Chapter 7: Regularization for Deep Learning
- Chapter 8: Optimization for Training Deep Models
- Chapter 9: Convolutional Networks
- Chapter 10: Sequence Modeling: Recurrent and Recursive Nets
- Chapter 11: Practical Methodology
- Chapter 12: Applications

### Part III: Deep Learning Research
- Chapter 13: Linear Factor Models
- Chapter 14: Autoencoders
- Chapter 15: Representation Learning
- Chapter 16: Structured Probabilistic Models for Deep Learning
- Chapter 17: Monte Carlo Methods
- Chapter 18: Confronting the Partition Function
- Chapter 19: Approximate Inference
- Chapter 20: Deep Generative Models

## Building the Book

To compile the book to PDF:

```bash
make pdf
```

To clean build artifacts:

```bash
make clean
```

### Requirements

- LaTeX distribution (TeX Live, MiKTeX, or similar)
- pdflatex
- biber (for bibliography)
- makeglossaries (for glossary)
- makeindex (for index)

## Current Status

**Completed:**
- ✅ Full table of contents structure
- ✅ Chapter 1: Introduction (complete with 5 sections)
- ✅ Chapter 2: Linear Algebra (complete with 6 sections)
- ✅ Chapter 3: Probability and Information Theory (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 4: Numerical Computation (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 5: Classical Machine Learning Algorithms (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 6: Deep Feedforward Networks (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 7: Regularization for Deep Learning (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 8: Optimization for Training Deep Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 9: Convolutional Networks (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 10: Sequence Modeling (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 11: Practical Methodology (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 12: Applications (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 13: Linear Factor Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 14: Autoencoders (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 15: Representation Learning (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 16: Structured Probabilistic Models (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 17: Monte Carlo Methods (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 18: Confronting the Partition Function (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 19: Approximate Inference (complete)
- ✅ Chapter 20: Deep Generative Models (complete)
- ✅ Front matter (Acknowledgements, Notation)
- ✅ Book infrastructure (main.tex, Makefile, bibliography)
- ✅ Extended bibliography with modern references
- ✅ Glossary with technical terms and definitions
- ✅ Comprehensive subject index
- ✅ Difficulty level indicators (Beginner/Intermediate/Advanced)
- ✅ Contributing guidelines with difficulty level policies
- ✅ AI assistant instruction policies (Copilot & Gemini)

**Book Statistics:**
- 📖 186 pages
- 📝 20 chapters covering fundamentals to advanced topics
- 🎓 Comprehensive coverage from basics to research frontiers

## File Structure

```
Deep-Learning-101/
├── main.tex                    # Main book file
├── Makefile                    # Build automation
├── references.bib              # Bibliography (expanded with modern references)
├── README.md                   # This file
├── SUMMARY.txt                 # Book summary
├── SUMMARY.txt                 # Book summary
├── .gitignore                  # Build artifact exclusion
└── chapters/                   # Chapter files
    ├── acknowledgements.tex    # Acknowledgements
    ├── notation.tex            # Notation guide
    ├── chap01.tex             # Chapter 1 (includes sections)
    ├── chap01-sec01.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 1
    ├── chap01-sec02.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 2
    ├── chap01-sec03.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 3
    ├── chap01-sec04.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 4
    ├── chap01-sec05.tex       # Chapter 1, Section 5
    ├── chap02.tex             # Chapter 2 (includes sections)
    ├── chap02-sec01.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 1
    ├── chap02-sec02.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 2
    ├── chap02-sec03.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 3
    ├── chap02-sec04.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 4
    ├── chap02-sec05.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 5
    ├── chap02-sec06.tex       # Chapter 2, Section 6
    ├── chap03.tex             # Chapter 3 (includes sections)
    ├── chap03-sec01.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 1: Probability Distributions
    ├── chap03-sec02.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 2: Conditional Probability and Bayes' Rule
    ├── chap03-sec03.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 3: Expectation, Variance, and Covariance
    ├── chap03-sec04.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 4: Common Probability Distributions
    ├── chap03-sec05.tex       # Chapter 3, Section 5: Information Theory Basics
    ├── chap04.tex             # Chapter 4 (includes sections)
    ├── chap04-sec01.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 1: Overflow and Underflow
    ├── chap04-sec02.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 2: Gradient-Based Optimization
    ├── chap04-sec03.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 3: Constrained Optimization
    ├── chap04-sec04.tex       # Chapter 4, Section 4: Numerical Stability and Conditioning
    ├── chap05.tex             # Chapter 5 (includes sections)
    ├── chap05-sec01.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 1: Linear Regression
    ├── chap05-sec02.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 2: Logistic Regression
    ├── chap05-sec03.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 3: Support Vector Machines
    ├── chap05-sec04.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 4: Decision Trees and Ensemble Methods
    ├── chap05-sec05.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 5: k-Nearest Neighbors
    ├── chap05-sec06.tex       # Chapter 5, Section 6: Comparison with Deep Learning
    ├── chap06.tex             # Chapter 6 (includes sections)
    ├── chap06-sec01.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 1: Introduction to Feedforward Networks
    ├── chap06-sec02.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 2: Activation Functions
    ├── chap06-sec03.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 3: Output Units and Loss Functions
    ├── chap06-sec04.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 4: Backpropagation
    ├── chap06-sec05.tex       # Chapter 6, Section 5: Design Choices
    ├── chap07.tex             # Chapter 7 (includes sections)
    ├── chap07-sec01.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 1: Parameter Norm Penalties
    ├── chap07-sec02.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 2: Dataset Augmentation
    ├── chap07-sec03.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 3: Early Stopping
    ├── chap07-sec04.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 4: Dropout
    ├── chap07-sec05.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 5: Batch Normalization
    ├── chap07-sec06.tex       # Chapter 7, Section 6: Other Regularization Techniques
    ├── chap08.tex             # Chapter 8 (includes sections)
    ├── chap08-sec01.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 1: Gradient Descent Variants
    ├── chap08-sec02.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 2: Momentum-Based Methods
    ├── chap08-sec03.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 3: Adaptive Learning Rate Methods
    ├── chap08-sec04.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 4: Second-Order Methods
    ├── chap08-sec05.tex       # Chapter 8, Section 5: Optimization Challenges
    ├── chap09.tex             # Chapter 9 (includes sections)
    ├── chap09-sec01.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 1: The Convolution Operation
    ├── chap09-sec02.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 2: Pooling
    ├── chap09-sec03.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 3: CNN Architectures
    ├── chap09-sec04.tex       # Chapter 9, Section 4: Applications of CNNs
    ├── chap10.tex             # Chapter 10 (includes sections)
    ├── chap10-sec01.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 1: Recurrent Neural Networks
    ├── chap10-sec02.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 2: Backpropagation Through Time
    ├── chap10-sec03.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 3: Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
    ├── chap10-sec04.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 4: Gated Recurrent Units (GRU)
    ├── chap10-sec05.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 5: Sequence-to-Sequence Models
    ├── chap10-sec06.tex       # Chapter 10, Section 6: Advanced Topics
    ├── chap11.tex             # Chapter 11 (includes sections)
    ├── chap11-sec01.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 1: Performance Metrics
    ├── chap11-sec02.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 2: Baseline Models and Debugging
    ├── chap11-sec03.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 3: Hyperparameter Tuning
    ├── chap11-sec04.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 4: Data Preparation and Preprocessing
    ├── chap11-sec05.tex       # Chapter 11, Section 5: Production Considerations
    ├── chap12.tex             # Chapter 12 (includes sections)
    ├── chap12-sec01.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 1: Computer Vision Applications
    ├── chap12-sec02.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 2: Natural Language Processing
    ├── chap12-sec03.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 3: Speech Recognition and Synthesis
    ├── chap12-sec04.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 4: Healthcare and Medical Imaging
    ├── chap12-sec05.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 5: Reinforcement Learning Applications
    ├── chap12-sec06.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 6: Other Applications
    ├── chap12-sec07.tex       # Chapter 12, Section 7: Ethical Considerations
    ├── chap13.tex             # Chapter 13 (includes sections)
    ├── chap13-sec01.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 1: Probabilistic PCA
    ├── chap13-sec02.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 2: Factor Analysis
    ├── chap13-sec03.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 3: Independent Component Analysis
    ├── chap13-sec04.tex       # Chapter 13, Section 4: Sparse Coding
    ├── chap14.tex             # Chapter 14 (includes sections)
    ├── chap14-sec01.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 1: Undercomplete Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec02.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 2: Regularized Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec03.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 3: Variational Autoencoders
    ├── chap14-sec04.tex       # Chapter 14, Section 4: Applications of Autoencoders
    ├── chap15.tex             # Chapter 15 (includes sections)
    ├── chap15-sec01.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 1: What Makes a Good Representation?
    ├── chap15-sec02.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 2: Transfer Learning and Domain Adaptation
    ├── chap15-sec03.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 3: Self-Supervised Learning
    ├── chap15-sec04.tex       # Chapter 15, Section 4: Contrastive Learning
    ├── chap16.tex             # Chapter 16 (includes sections)
    ├── chap16-sec01.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 1: Graphical Models
    ├── chap16-sec02.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 2: Inference in Graphical Models
    ├── chap16-sec03.tex       # Chapter 16, Section 3: Deep Learning and Structured Models
    ├── chap17.tex             # Chapter 17 (includes sections)
    ├── chap17-sec01.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 1: Sampling and Monte Carlo Estimators
    ├── chap17-sec02.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 2: Markov Chain Monte Carlo
    ├── chap17-sec03.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 3: Importance Sampling
    ├── chap17-sec04.tex       # Chapter 17, Section 4: Applications in Deep Learning
    ├── chap18.tex             # Chapter 18 (includes sections)
    ├── chap18-sec01.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 1: The Partition Function Problem
    ├── chap18-sec02.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 2: Contrastive Divergence
    ├── chap18-sec03.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 3: Noise-Contrastive Estimation
    ├── chap18-sec04.tex       # Chapter 18, Section 4: Score Matching
    ├── chap19.tex             # Chapter 19 (includes sections)
    ├── chap19-sec01.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 1: Variational Inference
    ├── chap19-sec02.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 2: Mean Field Approximation
    ├── chap19-sec03.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 3: Loopy Belief Propagation
    ├── chap19-sec04.tex       # Chapter 19, Section 4: Expectation Propagation
    ├── chap20.tex             # Chapter 20 (includes sections)
    ├── chap20-sec01.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 1: Variational Autoencoders (VAEs)
    ├── chap20-sec02.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 2: Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
    ├── chap20-sec03.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 3: Normalizing Flows
    ├── chap20-sec04.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 4: Diffusion Models
    └── chap20-sec05.tex       # Chapter 20, Section 5: Applications and Future Directions
```
```

## License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.  
To view a copy of this license, visit: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

## Acknowledgements

This book draws inspiration from:
- "Deep Learning" by Goodfellow, Bengio, and Courville
- "Understanding Deep Learning" by Simon J.D. Prince
- The broader deep learning research community

## Contributing

Contributions, corrections, and suggestions are welcome. Please ensure any contributions align with the educational goals and style of the book.
